# SNGLS DAO Project Call 2 Notes

### Meeting Date/Time: Friday Aug 16, 2019 at 15:00 GMT
### Meeting Duration: 1 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/SingularDTV/snglsdao-pm/issues/4)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://content.breaker.io/?type=channels&id=63ef6fdea9ed583075b974b4576fb07419b8a4cc8b096d12d60ea57d6891b11e)

Moderator: Troy Murray

Scribe: Dragos Rizescu

Attendees: Zach LeBeau, Dragos Rizescu, Milad Mostavi, Bogdan Burcea, Cezar Paraschiv, Jack Cheng, Eric Chan & Troy Murray

## Tech

Feedback on the website:

- About the website, Zach reacting to that website, he heard that it’s very cool, very awesome, but no1 understood what we are doing. There were different times, however now, we need to make it super simple, super clear what the message is.
- Milad agrees on the simple clean
- Bogdan says to simplify it, but keep the basic design
- Zach thinks it should be made light theme as the ETH foundation set the trend

Zach, communication on the website priorities:
- Articles - attract smart people, cheapest to do an article
- Podcasts - anyone with half of brain can watch a video
- Videos - most expensive

> Jack, we need to have multiple versions based on language to explain what is SNGLSDAO is. Information needs to be translated (=> i18n support for the website).


Zach: Tyler Ward — co-founder of Token Foundry at ConsenSys, they have been talking with
- Involved in launching multiple token launches in and outside of CSYS
- He is a marketing man, he is extremely knowledgeble
- Looks like we will hire him to lead the marketing
- SNGLSDAO in 3/4 months will be all over the crypto news
- He is the campaign manager in NA/WestEU

> M: Did you talk about what talked in Token Foundry?
Z: Yes, I do have the info, did hear all of that, we heard about the lawsuit with Harrison and stuff like that.

Conversation with Tyler — Podcast integration in the Breaker UI.
- Z: Feasible?
- M: Cezar has been doing some research around this idea, we need to understand the requirements, start now => takes a couple of weeks to get the requirements => a couple of months until release.
- Z: Tylers idea, migrate all the crypto podcasts in the Breaker UI, and put them all on the first dapp. Seems like a good opportunity to investigate. 
=> Cezar can move forward with producing such a channel, while we, Zach, we put up a deck to present

Zach: Reason Adam is coming to Bucharest: Negotiate DMOBs bandwidth as we are taking it from Breaker and putting into DAO.

- T: Any update on i18n?
- M: We talked about it, not a lot of updates. We need to prepare the code for this
- C: The buttons or the content? — Only the buttons, UI



Chinese version, graphs are done => good job Bogdan

Final thoughts:
- J: Give me final content to translate the chinese to match

Zach Recap:
- Put an article thing to get to Carl in Amrita
- Sept 3rd publishing the WP on github, link on discord, medium article explaining everything
- Need to put some schedule together for the meetings in Bucharest and Cluj, like podcast integration
- Design the website
- Launching the website data?
- Prepare the translation of the Breaker UI, start the conversation of the date.

