# SNGLS DAO Project Call 2 Notes

### Meeting Date/Time: Thursday Aug 29, 2019 at 15:00 GMT
### Meeting Duration: 1 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/SingularDTV/snglsdao-pm/issues/6)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://breaker.io)

Moderator: Troy Murray

Scribe: Troy Murray

Attendees: Zach LeBeau, Milad Mostavi, Dragos Rizescu, Cezar Paraschiv, Jack Cheng, Eric Chan & Troy Murray

## Tech/Marketing

### Update on the article ending
Milad - will go over the article
Zach - Carl supplied some language and it works well
Leave it with Carl’s take
Troy - Article will be coming out on the 3rd with the whitepaper
If you want to add anything please do
Zach - All the comments are resolved but feel free to go through and make more comments
Figure out the banner and some small other things
Have feelers out
Milad - Cezar, please chace down Bogdan to get the banner done
Cezar - Of course I will, I love to do this.
Zach - My understanding is that it will be John not Bogdan
Milad - I want Bogdan to do it

### Jack’s Article Translation
Jack - We have translated and touching up
Once final version of article is done we will finish
Whitepaper is ready to go
Troy - Do we want to push it to come out on the 3rd for the translation?

### Using Exchanges to do Migration
Milad - working with exchanges is necessary
Tokit still needs to be there
Direct migration - cold wallets, ledgers, don’t want to move, just be able to do it
Will work like how we did it with Trust Machine tokens
Troy - What do you think about doing migration specifically in the exchange?
Milad - That will be part of what each exchange will be doing
Binance seems like an obvious one because they are really talented
What are the main exchanges?
Troy - There are really only two right now, but we want to open the conversation up
Milad - I believe Binance will do it even if you don’t ask them
Troy - How hard is it for exchanges to do native migration?
Milad - Probably not that hard, but will be easier to just list SNGLS 2.0 and do the migration at Tokit
Always part of the plan and was explicit IMO
Exchanges should do it if they want to give good UX
Troy - Actions items now would be to 
Reach out to the two big ones
Start the conversation
Zach - Let’s roll out with partnership with Bittrex

### Who do we want to put as the point man for the exchange operation
Zach - I think Aaron would be a great candidate for this
Has good connectivity and impressed with his technical knowledge
Milad - Aaron sounds good to me
Troy - I think Aaron is more than perfect for it
Jack - BTW there are some regional exchanges that are good to collaborate with
Will discuss more in Bucharest

### Bucharest Schedule
Troy - Has everyone had a chance to look that over since last time?
Zach - Let me dig into that again
