# snglsDAO Project Call 0 Notes

### Meeting Date/Time: Thursday July 18, 2019 at 14:00 GMT
### Meeting Duration: 1 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/SingularDTV/snglsdao-pm/issues/1)


Moderator: Troy Murray

Scribe: Dragos Rizescu & Troy Murray

Attendees: Zach LeBeau, Amrita Rizal, Cezar Paraschiv, Dragos Rizescu, & Troy Murray

## Update on snglsDAO.io
**Dragos:**
- 3 year old code base
- 20 hours of effort to update from old codebase to a more modern stack
- Port it to new stack and connect it to the APIs

**Zach:** How is this gonna be paid for?
- Dispute between SDTV and ConsenSys on rates
- Carl is looking into it
- The dev agreement has not been signed
- Moving forward the extra hours need to be budged, competitive, and presented to the board
- Formal agreement who owns what and who's paying for it
  - SDTV is chared full rate on IP that ConsenSys can exploit 100% afterwards
  
**Troy:** How long do you think it will take to resolve this?  Next board meeting?

**Zach:**
- Next board meeting we move forward in a productive way or aa definitively way
- Most extreme: me quitting SDTV and going off and building Ethervision - there is a spectrum here
- We haven't gotten from ConsenSys the cooperation to resolve this

**Dragos:** What is the content we want to put there? I am just getting the circle and the dummy content

**Troy:** It will be the history of Breaker and SDTV, FAQ, Link to whitepaper

**Zach:** See the videos and see stuff like that we can make - sets a tone of trust, have them on the landing page

**Dragos:** I am just getting the circle and dummy stuff. Someone will have to take ownership over the content and ideally to put in the structure.

**Troy:** I was planning on doing that once you fork the repo into the SingularDTV Github or once you give me access to the DMOB version

## Rebranding of the WP to SingularDTV
**Troy:** Milad said on the last call that he was gonna get Vlad to do the update

**Cezar:** he is a bit busy and cannot do this, we will breif Bogdan to handle that.  Is there a deadline?

**Troy:** Moving parts, not really.  We probably aren't gonna be able to release in the next two weeks but the sooner the better.

## dxDAO is live | SNGLS listing as a proposal
**Troy:** dxDAO is live and it's the DAO we are copying for our DAO.  Is there any interest in putting up a proposal to get SNGLS listed on DutchX?

**Dragos:** Relay this to Milad

## Host SNGLS 2.0 calls on protocol, free downloads
**Troy:** I would like to propose having these calls hosted for download on the protocol.  Allowing anyone who uses this to see the governance.  Zach WDYT?

**Zach:** Great idea

**Troy:** Cool will talk with Milad

## Zach Riff
- We need to have stable tokens
- Been talked about for awhile, Jason and Jake can't finalize deals until we have them
- Getting a 0 confidence from you as I don't have a clear strategy if the DApp is moving forward.

**Troy:** Would like to see SNGLS and DAI integrated
- SNGLS payments bring utility to the DAO

**Zach:** C our goal when we do the swap to 2.0 is to do a big campaign, focused on Asia, using Jack and the resources there. One of the most important things in order to be successful is to have Chinese language dapp - when?

**Cezar:** Having another language is not a big of an issue, the challenging part is that is the content uploaded by the artist - problem is that in Breaker if they browse through all the content, all the content is english and some in Chinese

**Troy:** No need to have all the content translated, if they can't read the content metadat they won't be watching it.  How long will it take to get the UI transalted?

**Cezar:** I donâ€™t really have an answer right now, but it will probably take like a month with all the details

**Troy:** Okay, Jack is gonna be on the next call so we will pencil it in for him next time to talk about




